Werder Bremen
this is the demolished and annihilated the Czechs of Russian state
the rescue workers had to do hard labor for the
trapped driver with full force he is in the
oncoming bus raced many of the passengers sleep at the time
fatal because so none of them can hold on somewhere or from others
Protect the way from impact
loud bang easy
and the whole bus has wobbled like that
for all evening games
to be in Austria
I got her down
that was also so that the writing without having a faint memory word
wanted out
Shortly before, the van collides with this oncoming car
The 26-year-old driver is seriously injured by the impact
the truck came to the other side of the road the bus can not
Dodge more and drive into the semi-trailer
Only one of the over 40 bus inmates will be seriously injured or come to blemishes
from that
How many passengers sat exactly in the coach can the police
do not say it right now
the most complicated was for us very soon after arrival the right one
Deciding to go in there to quickly build a basic
to know who is most hurt here where do we first have the
We had rescue measures in the past years
several serious traffic accidents but that is actually an area
strongest emirates to
So far, there were none
unhappily injured and as losers all go home in good spirits
or
so far it is unclear how the first accident between truck and passenger car is
has come
only one hour ago was the full closure of the main road
To get picked up